flatten-array: Replace references to lists with arrays, and revise instructions (#2533)
exercism/problem-specifications: exercises/flatten-array/description.md

# Description

Take a nested array of any depth and return a fully flattened array.

Note that some language tracks may include null-like values in the input array, and the way these values are represented varies by track.
Such values should be excluded from the flattened array.

> Additionally, input arrays may have data of different types, depending on the track.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the input may be of a different data type and contain different types, depending on the track.
```

Check the test suite for details.

## Example

> input: `[1,[2,6,null],[[null,[4]],5]]`
> 
> output: `[1,2,6,4,5]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
input: `[1, [2, 6, null], [[null, [4]], 5]]`

output: `[1, 2,6, 4, 5]`
```
